---
title: "2026年6月25日"
description: "2026年6月25日"
publishDate: 2026-06-25
tags: ['diary']
language: 'zh-CN'
comment: false
---

2026年6月25日

/*
 * Instructions to Students:
 *
 * STEP 1: Read the following instructions carefully.
 */

You will provide your solution to the Data Lab by
editing the collection of functions in this source file.

INTEGER CODING RULES:

  Replace the "return" statement in each function with one
  or more lines of C code that implements the function. Your code 
  must conform to the following style:

  int Funct(arg1, arg2, ...) {
      /* brief description of how your implementation works */
      int var1 = Expr1;
      ...
      int varM = ExprM;

​      varJ = ExprJ;
​      ...
​      varN = ExprN;
​      return ExprR;
  }

  Each "Expr" is an expression using ONLY the following:
  1. Integer constants **0 through 255 (0xFF)**, inclusive. You are
      not allowed to use big constants such as 0xffffffff.
  2. Function arguments and local variables (**no global variables**).
  3. Unary integer operations ! ~
  4. Binary integer operations & ^ | + << >>

  Some of the problems restrict the set of allowed operators even further.
  Each "Expr" may consist of multiple operators. You are not restricted to
  one operator per line.

  You are expressly **forbidden** to:
  1. Use any control constructs such as **if, do, while, for, switch**, etc.
  2. Define or use any **macros**.
  3. Define any additional functions in this file.
  4. **Call any functions**.
  5. Use any other operations, such as **&&, ||, -, or ?**:
  6. Use any form of **casting**.
  7. Use any data type other than int.  This implies that you
     cannot use arrays, structs, or unions.


  You may assume that your machine:
  1. Uses 2s complement, 32-bit representations of integers.
  2. Performs right shifts arithmetically.
  3. Has unpredictable behavior when shifting if the shift amount
     is less than 0 or greater than 31.


EXAMPLES OF ACCEPTABLE CODING STYLE:
  /*
   * pow2plus1 - returns 2^x + 1, where 0 <= x <= 31
   */
     int pow2plus1(int x) {
     /* exploit ability of shifts to compute powers of 2 */
     return (1 << x) + 1;
     }

  /*
   * pow2plus4 - returns 2^x + 4, where 0 <= x <= 31
   */
     int pow2plus4(int x) {
     /* exploit ability of shifts to compute powers of 2 */
     int result = (1 << x);
     result += 4;
     return result;
     }

FLOATING POINT CODING RULES

For the problems that require you to implement floating-point operations,
the coding rules are less strict.  You are allowed to use looping and
conditional control.  You are allowed to use both ints and unsigneds.
You can use arbitrary integer and unsigned constants. You can use any arithmetic,
logical, or comparison operations on int or unsigned data.

You are expressly forbidden to:
  1. Define or use any macros.
  2. Define any additional functions in this file.
  3. Call any functions.
  4. Use any form of casting.
  5. Use any data type other than int or unsigned.  This means that you
     cannot use arrays, structs, or unions.
  6. Use any floating point data types, operations, or constants.


NOTES:
  1. Use the dlc (data lab checker) compiler (described in the handout) to 
     check the legality of your solutions.
  2. Each function has a maximum number of operations (integer, logical,
     or comparison) that you are allowed to use for your implementation
     of the function.  The max operator count is checked by dlc.
     Note that assignment ('=') is not counted; you may use as many of
     these as you want without penalty.
  3. Use the btest test harness to check your functions for correctness.
  4. Use the BDD checker to formally verify your functions
  5. The maximum number of ops for each function is given in the
     header comment for each function. If there are any inconsistencies 
     between the maximum ops in the writeup and in this file, consider
     this file the authoritative source.

/*
 * STEP 2: Modify the following functions according the coding rules.
 * 
 *   IMPORTANT. TO AVOID GRADING SURPRISES:
 *   1. Use the dlc compiler to check that your solutions conform
 *      to the coding rules.
 *   2. Use the BDD checker to formally verify that your solutions produce 
 *      the correct answers.
 */



长长的instructions







我借用这个 instructions 考一下 DeepSeek。

今天还剩下一些问题，比如：
1. 好久没写自己的 C++ 代码了
2. 洗内衣内裤
3. 去看下腿上的皮肤问题
4. 喝酸奶

我看一下今天晚上能完成几个，估计也完成不了几个，然后我们再干别的吧



```
   1. Start by dealing the card on the top of the deck to the cow to her right

   2. Every time she deals a card, she must place the next P (1 <= P <= 10) cards on the bottom of the deck; and

   3. Continue dealing in this manner to each player sequentially in a counterclockwise manner
```



我完成了 C++ 的题目。

对，然后可能晚上去洗衣服。



我们来看看这三个句子的翻译啊。

deal the card：发牌

deck：牌堆

我们需要练习口语，并尽量找到比较有效的方法





Alt Shift 5

Flip game is played on a ~~rectangular~~ 4x4 field with two-sided pieces placed on each of its 16 squares. One side of each piece is white and the other one is black and each piece is lying either it's black or white side up. Each round you ~~flip~~ 3 to 5 pieces, thus changing the color of their upper side from black to white and vice versa. The pieces to be flipped are chosen every round according to the following rules:

1. Choose any one of the 16 pieces.
2. Flip the chosen piece and also all adjacent pieces to the left, to the right, to the top, and to the bottom of the chosen piece (if there are any).




